Example data files are available through Zenodo: https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.14842007

gwas
GWAS summary statistics
A data frame with 10 columns: chr, pos, beta, se, a0, a1, snp, pval, zscore, locus
chr: an integer; chromosome number (1,...,22)
pos: an integer; snp base pair position
beta: a number; snp effect size estimate
se: a number; snp effect size standard error
a0: a string; non-effect allele
a1: a string; effect allele
snp: a string; snp id
pval: a number; snp p-value
zscore: a number; snp z-score
locus: an integer; locus id 

prior
Prior causal probability of each SNP in GWAS summary statistics
A named vector of numbers, where the names are the ids of the SNPs.

locus
Loci to be fine-mapped
A vector of integers.

ldr
LD matrices for fine-mapping
A named vector of strings, where the names are the locus ids. The values are the paths to LD matrices of the corresponding loci.

rvar
Information of SNPs in the LD matrices
A named vector of strings, where the names are the locus ids. The values are the paths to SNP information of LD matrices of the corresponding loci.

n
GWAS sample size
An integer.

L
Maximum number of non-zero effects in the susie regression model (at most 10)
An integer.

purity
Minimum absolute correlation allowed in a credible set
A number betwen 0 and 1.

outname
Output name
A string.

outdir
Output directory
A string.

geneinfo
Path to gene information
A string that points to the gene annotation file.

annot
Path to annotations for PIP attribution (e.g.: open chromatin regions in different cell types)
A string that points to the annotation file. The annotation file should contain a list of GRanges objects, where each element of the list corresponds to genomic region covered by an annotation.

weight
Path to weight for PIP attribution
A string that points to the weight file. The weight file should contain a named vector of numbers, where the names are the annotations and the values are the weights.

pt
ggplot font size
An integer.

palette
ggsci (https://nanx.me/ggsci/index.html) palette name.
A string.
